Add troubleshooting with console capture (#5865)
Kilo-Org/kilocode: apps/kilocode-docs/pages/troubleshooting/troubleshooting-extension.md

---
title: "Troubleshooting Kilo Code"
description: "How to capture console logs and report issues with Kilo Code"
---

# Troubleshooting Kilo Code

> When you encounter an issue with Kilo Code, console logs provide valuable debugging information that helps us identify and fix problems. This guide walks you through capturing those logs in your IDE.

Author: ```suggestion
Providing console logs helps us pinpoint exactly what's going wrong with your installation, network, or MCP setup. This guide walks you through capturing those logs in your IDE.
```

---

> title: "Troubleshooting Kilo Code"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "Troubleshooting IDE Extensions"
```

    - `ide.browser.jcef.contextMenu.devTools.enabled` → check the box
4. **Restart your IDE** after making these changes

### Connect Chrome DevTools

1. Make sure the **Kilo Code panel is open** in your IDE (the debug target won't appear unless the webview is active)
2. Open Chrome (or any Chromium-based browser like Edge or Arc)
3. Navigate to `http://localhost:9222/json` to see the list of inspectable targets
4. Find the entry with `"title": "Kilo Code"` and open the `devtoolsFrontendUrl` link
5. Chrome DevTools will open connected to the Kilo webview—click the **Console** tab

{% /tab %}
{% /tabs %}

## Capturing the Error

Once you have the Developer Tools console open:

1. **Clear previous logs**: Click the "Clear Console" button (🚫 icon at the top of the Console panel) to remove old messages
2. **Reproduce the issue**: Perform the action that was causing problems
3. **Check for errors**: Look at the Console tab for error messages (usually shown in red). If you suspect connection issues, also check the **Network** tab
4. **Copy the logs**: Right-click in the console and select "Save as..." or copy the relevant error messages

## Contact Support

> If you're unable to resolve the issue, please send your console logs and a description of the problem to **[hi@kilocode.ai](mailto:hi@kilocode.ai)**. Include:

Author: ```suggestion
If you're unable to resolve the issue, please inspect the console logs and remove any secrets and them to **[hi@kilocode.ai](mailto:hi@kilocode.ai)** along with the following:
```

> If you're unable to resolve the issue, please inspect the console logs and remove any secrets and them to **[hi@kilocode.ai](mailto:hi@kilocode.ai)** along with the following:

Author: ```suggestion
If you're unable to resolve the issue, please inspect the console logs and remove any secrets and send them to **[hi@kilocode.ai](mailto:hi@kilocode.ai)** along with the following:
```
